Welcome to Software Engineering

My name is Mark Kampe. I am not regular faculty.  I spent almost 50 years building operating systems (platform support, multi-processor, distributed, ...) and have driven product evolution, built software development organizations, and guided the growth of many engineers.  I have also been teaching (Operating Systems, Software Engineering, and Intro labs) for almost twenty years.  I have finally retired from my engineering day-job, but continue teaching (a) for fun and (b) to give back to a field that has given me so much.

In teaching, I want to help the next generation of engineers do amazing things ... and save them the trouble of making so many of the terrible mistakes I have seen (and made).   I expect that software development will, in one way or another, play a significant role in all of your future careers, and I want you to meet those challenges with a good foundation of understanding, perspective and methodology.

It is my intention that this course will develop:
   - your ability to organize and effectively manage large, complex team projects
   - your ability to gather, define, clarify and validate requirements for
     non-trivial software projects.
   - methodologies to approach the creation of good specifications,
     architecture, designs, and test plans for efficient and robust software.
   - your ability to understand, describe, and review complex software systems
     and development processes.
   - an understanding of a range of software development processes and the types
     of project to which they are best suited.
   - your ability to recognize, analyze, discuss, and address the problems that
     arise in such efforts.

Logistical Details

   All lecture and lab sessions will be conducted remotely, via Zoom:
      https://hmc-edu.zoom.us/j/93895586571?pwd=bUlYNlRGT2ZRajRtY0tKU0gxK3QwZz09

   Course web-site (syllabus, schedule, readings, assignments, slides):
      https://www.cs.hmc.edu/courses/2021/spring/cs181aa

   Course Piazza site (resources and on-line discussions):
      https://piazza.com/claremont/spring2021/hmcsci181aa1sp21/home
     
   Project submission, quizzes and feedback are through Sakai:
      https://sakai.claremont.edu/portal

Preparation

   1. Course web site: You might want to review the syllabus and FAQ.

   2. Piazza: There is a simple logistical survey (about your resources and tool familiarities).  Please fill it out so that we can identify any issues that must be addressed.

   3. Piazza: There is a second posting where I ask each of us to introduce ourselves, why we are here, what we bring with us, and what we hope to get from this course.  Please post your own introduction.

   4. Projects and Teams: In order to develop and exercise significant Software Engineering skills, you will be asked to form teams and define (your own) relatively large and complex projects.  You might want to:
      - look at the summary of project activities on the course home page.
      - give some thought to what projects you might want to pursue.
      - give some thought to who else (in this section) you want to work with.

I look forward to reading your introductions, and to our first meeting on Tuesday.  Please feel free to email me with any questions,
   ---mark---
