Programming is only part (and perhaps one of the simpler parts)
of Software Development.  In this class you (and a few friends) will
create and pursue a full range of activities for single, very large, project.

Over the next few days you should form (ideally four person) teams, and 
choose a piece of software that you would like to define, design and 
(at least partially) specify, implement, test, and demonstrate:

  1. Start thinking about who else (in this section) you would like to
     work with, reach out to them, and see if you all want to work
     together.  As soon as you know who your team is, please send
     me a team-name and a list of members.

  2. Read the project instructions through the end of Project 1A, and
     briefly skim (at least the introductory sections of) the other 
     projects so that you have a sense of what you will be asked to 
     do with your chosen software product.  The primary constraints I 
     will want to impose on your selections are:

          they must be large and complex enough to require substantial
	  work for the requirements, architecture, design, specification,
	  and testing to come.

	  they must be small enough and sufficiently within the capabilities
	  of readily available technologies that I believe you can be
	  successful in all of those activities.

     The project descriptions can be found at
  	https://www.cs.pomona.edu/courses/2020/fall/cs121s1/projects.html

  3. Start thinking about an appropriate piece of software that you would
     like to define, design and (at least partially) implement as your team
     project.

You probably want to have your team by Wednesday 8/26, and a pretty clear
idea of what your project will be before the Friday 8/28 lab session
(where you will work on your description and plan).


Final Advice (for this assignment, and for the rest of your life):

   Choose people (who, because of their skills and personalities) you would
   want by your side for a long (and occasionally difficult) effort.

   Choose a problem or technology that is sufficiently interesting that the
   knowledge and experience you gain will be worth the many hours you will
   put in to earning them.

   Choose an application or technology that is going to be fun and exciting
   enough to keep you going ... even when the going gets tough.
