Most of the remaining project work will focus on the components that you
will (as individuals) specify, design, implement and test.  The first 
steps in this process are selecting the component(s) to be implemented,
and planning the implementation work.

I suggest that, over the next few days:
   * you begin by reading the descriptions for all of the remaining project
     phases (3A-D and 4) so that you understand what you will need to be
     able to do with the selected component(s).
   * identify the component(s) you will want to specify, design, implement,
     and test.
   * describe a meaningful demonstration (for the project 4 sprint review)
     of successful integration of those components.  If this proves to be
     difficult, you might want to reconsider thye chosen components.
   * come up with a detailed plan for the work to be done.

Given your overall product requirements and architecture, it might be fairly
straight-forward to write-up the functionality, interfaces, and requirements
for your selected components.  But ...
   * the interfaces described in your architecture may not yet be sufficiently
     complete or detailed to guide a complete component specification.
   * some of the functionality may be defined with respect to services
     performed for (or obtained from) other (not yet fully specified)
     components.
   * there may be some further design and/or discussion required in order
     to derive specific component requirements from the overall product
     requirements.

Thus, you may find it necessary to (as a team) further elaborate the
architecture and explore possible implementations of other components
before you can fully specify your chosen components.

I would encourage you to examine what you currently know about your chosen
components and see what other details need to be worked out before you can
write detailed specifications and requirements.  If you can have this done
before next Friday's lab, writing up the per-component specifications should
be relatively straight-forward.
